This text was taken from the Watch Tsar with the theme Jehovah before serving Jehovah before the days of distress come, and the scripture was Ecclesiastes 121, remember your grand creator.
Now for some of us present here this morning we must admit the days of distress have arrived.
Let's open our Bibles and look at something in the 90th Psalm.
Psalm 9010 says the span of our life is 70 years or 80 if one is especially strong, but they're filled with trouble and sorrow.
They quickly pass by and away we fly.
It makes us think of the words of Barcily.
He made a comment the 2nd Samuel 19.
How many days of my life are left that I should go up with the King to Jerusalem? I'm 80 years old today.
Can I discern between good and bad? Can I your servant? Taste what I eat and drink? Can I still listen to the voice of male and female singers?
Now I can tell you from experience when you reach the age of 80 birds may be singing when you wake up in the morning but many of us can't hear them.
We're just too old.
However it goes without saying wisdom the company's age.
So this puts a little light, good light on those of us who are 80 and beyond.
In fact the Bible says the gray hair is a crown of beauty when it is found in the way of righteousness.
Now there are many scriptures in the Hebrew scriptures especially that shed the light on older people in a very favorable way.
One says before gray hair you should rise up and you must show honor to an older man and of course we can include woman.
And you must be in fear of your God. I am Jehovah.
Jehovah does not leave us when we get old and neither does he forget what we did when we were young and healthy.
It made me think of a situation that happened in my life when I was a young boy.
My father told me to take our two mules, Jen and Old Jack to the creek so they could drink some water.
Later my father asked me if I watered the mules.
I told him yes I took Jim down there and gave him some water.
I didn't bother Old Jack. Old Jack hadn't done anything all day long just stay in the barn.
My father said I want you to go back and get Old Jack and take him down and let him drink some water.
It's like you did Jim. Old Jack has spent his whole life so that we could have bread on the table.
We're not going to throw him away now that he's grown old.
Well that's stuck with me and it made me think too of what the Bible says in Hebrews 16.
For God is not unrighteous so as to get your work and the love you showed for his name by ministering and continuing to minister to the holy ones.
So Jehovah wants us to continue even when we're older to perform our ministry.
Perhaps to slow down a little but not to stop.
So share the good news you know about the Jehovah and with the next generation.
That's what Psalm 78 encourages us to do.
It says relate to the generation to come.
Make these things known to their children, the next generation.
So we have the responsibility of those of us who are older, 80 and beyond or 60 and beyond, 50 and beyond.
You just figure out what's old.
But now where and when can you do that?
How can you encourage the younger ones?
I don't know how you can do that.
Where and when? I don't know your circumstances.
But I'm going to give you some situations, your room.
I remember the governing body invited my wife and I when we were serving in the district here to come to his room for.
And she didn't own his family Bible study.
Well, we thought that's quite an honor my land to be able to come to remember the governing body's room and his wife.
And so we went in.
We studied for the school and service me on the way home.
My wife said, you know, he's steady just like we do.
Well, that's the way we all should study.
What about field service?
Between doors, stopped and smelled roses with the younger ones after you're working with.
Breakfast meals, we used out a good morning in a warm smile.
It may be the best you can do that early in the morning.
During the noon meal, mentioned how Jehovah's helped you years ago.
What about two and from meetings in the automobile?
Share a comment heard that made your day.
During intermission at circuit and regional conventions.
Oh, well, you're saying I'm too tired for that.
Then just sit there and look happy.
Went in the infirmary.
Nurses like to break the spell of pain and sickness with a little humor.
Show them your picture that was taken on your wedding day 60 years ago.
They will not believe as you and will talk about it when you leave.
Older ones don't concentrate on what you no longer are able to do.
Give what you're able to give.
Give it joyfully. Share what you still have with the next generation.
It will encourage them and definitely please Jehovah.
Now, what about you, younger ones?
Well, the Bible tells you to remember your creator in the days of your young manhood or your young womanhood.
Before the calamitous days or the days of distress arrive.
And they're going to come and they're going to hit you like a ton of bricks.
And there's nothing that you will be able to do to prevent that from happening.
It's just part of being in this wicked world and being filled with sin.
So Jehovah knows though what we have to give and he doesn't expect us to give anymore than we have.
So do your best. Continue working hard in kingdom service.
Give your youth and vitality to Jehovah.
You'll never regret it and Jehovah definitely will not forget the love you showed for his name.
He will see to it that you have the full assurance of the hope down to the end.